docs(webui): Update docs for presto integration to include setting up presto webui. (#1310)
y-scope/clp: docs/src/user-docs/guides-using-presto.md

   but don't start the package just yet.
2. Before starting the package, update the config (`etc/clp-config.yml`) as follows:

    * Set the `package.query_engine` key to `"presto"`.

      ```yaml
      package:
        storage_engine: "clp-s"
        query_engine: "presto"
      ```

    * Set the `database.host` key to a non-localhost hostname/IP.

      ```yaml
        database:
        #  type: "mariadb"
          host: <IP-address>
        #  port: 3306
        #  name: "clp-db"
      ```

      :::{note}
      This change is necessary since the Presto containers run on a Docker network, whereas CLP's database runs on the host network. So localhost refers to two different entities.
      :::

    * Set the `results_cache.retention_period` key to `null`. The CLP presto integration does not
    yet provide support for garbage collection.

      ```yaml
      results_cache:
        #  host: "localhost"
        #  port: 27017
        #  db_name: "clp-query-results"
        #  stream_collection_name: "stream-files"
        #
        #  # Retention for search results, in minutes. Set to null to disable automatic deletion.
          retention_period: null
      ```

>     * Update `presto` key with host and port of the Presto cluster. If you follow the
>     [Setting up Presto](#setting-up-presto) guide, the host is `localhost` and the port is `8889`. The Presto cluster does not need to be running to start the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Update the `presto` key with the host and port of the Presto cluster. If you follow the
      [Setting up Presto](#setting-up-presto) guide, the host is `localhost` and the port is `8889`.
      The Presto cluster does not need to be running to start the package.
```
linting for line length and indentation; adding "the" for clarity

   but don't start the package just yet.
2. Before starting the package, update the package's config file (`etc/clp-config.yml`) as follows:

    * Set the `package.query_engine` key to `"presto"`.

      ```yaml
      package:
        storage_engine: "clp-s"
        query_engine: "presto"
      ```

    * Set the `database.host` key to a non-localhost hostname/IP.

      ```yaml
        database:
        #  type: "mariadb"
          host: <IP-address>
        #  port: 3306
        #  name: "clp-db"
      ```

      :::{note}
      This change is necessary because the Presto containers run on a Docker network, and CLP's
      database runs on the host network. `localhost` will refer to a different entity in each of
      those contexts.
      :::

    * Set the `results_cache.retention_period` key to `null`. The CLP + Presto integration does not
      yet provide support for garbage collection.

      ```yaml
      results_cache:
        #  host: "localhost"
        #  port: 27017
        #  db_name: "clp-query-results"
        #  stream_collection_name: "stream-files"
        #
        #  # Retention for search results, in minutes. Set to null to disable automatic deletion.

>           retention_period: null

Author: i changed the whole indenting for this block in another commit

      ```

    * Update the `presto` key with the host and port of the Presto cluster. If you follow the
      [Setting up Presto](#setting-up-presto) guide, the host is `localhost` and the port is `8889`.

>       The Presto cluster does not need to be running to start the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The Presto cluster shouldn't be started until you've started the package and compressed some
      logs.
```
(I didn't catch this before, sorry!) I was under the impression that the user is supposed to start up the presto cluster only after starting up CLP and compressing some logs. if I am not understanding this correctly or my suggestion is inaccurate, please ignore!

Author: this is just warn people that the package dosent need to connect to the presto cluster when starting. its a bit weird that u put the host and port of something that isnt running, but thats the current flow

>       The Presto cluster does not need to be running to start the package.

Reviewer 2: Moving the note to a note afterward.

      ```yaml
      presto:
        host: <IP-address>
        port: <port>

>       ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      ```

      :::{note}
      Presto doesn't need to be running before you start CLP.
      :::
```

5. Start a Presto cluster by running:

    ```bash

>     docker compose up --detach

Reviewer 3: it might be better to also add the `--wait` flag so users can be notified if any service fails to start successfully

@coderabbitai add an issue to track

## Querying your logs through Presto

> To query your logs through Presto, you can use either:
> 
> * The WebUI available at [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) (if you changed
> `webui.host` or `webui.port` in `etc/clp-config.yml`, use the new values)
> * The Presto CLI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To query your logs through Presto, you can use either the [webUI](#querying-in-the-webui) or the
[Presto CLI](#querying-from-the-presto-cli).

### Querying in the webUI

The webUI is available at [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) (if you changed
`webui.host` or `webui.port` in `etc/clp-config.yml`, use the new values).

### Querying from the Presto CLI

To access the Presto CLI, navigate to the `tools/deployment/presto-clp` directory in a new terminal.
Make sure Presto is still running in whichever terminal you originally started it from. Enter the
following command to start the CLI:
```
I think that this warrants being split into subsections, as it's awkward to go from the end of this list (the Presto CLI point) into an un-indented explanation of the Presto CLI.

Author: i thought about this, but there is text underneath about certain SQL commands that apply to both. And putting the two headers makes it look like it only applies to the CLI

Reviewer: ah very true, my bad! I do think that could be clearer; I will come up with a format that makes that clearer, and I'll include it with my next review

## Querying your logs through Presto

> You can query your compressed logs from CLP’s [UI](#querying-from-the-ui) or the [Presto CLI](#querying-from-the-presto-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can query your compressed logs in your browser from CLP’s [webUI](#querying-from-the-webui), or
from the command line with the [Presto CLI](#querying-from-the-presto-cli).
```
linting for line length; fleshing out wording for clarity

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### CLP + Presto query syntax

Your queries will use similar syntax regardless of which method you use to query your logs with Presto.

```
I think we should be extra clear that this query syntax can be used regardless of the method. the new section header is just a nice-to-have; don't have to add that if you don't want to,

Author: hmm i think its okay, but maybe query syntax isnt the best term, since the syntax is just sql

SELECT foo.bar FROM default LIMIT 1;
```

> ### Querying from the UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Querying from the webUI
```

> The CLP UI is available at [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) (if you changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CLP webUI is available at [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) (if you changed
```

`webui.host` or `webui.port` in `etc/clp-config.yml`, use the new values).

### Querying from the Presto CLI

> To access the Presto CLI, navigate to the `tools/deployment/presto-clp` directory and enter the
> following command to start the CLI:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the Presto CLI, navigate to the `tools/deployment/presto-clp` directory in a new terminal.
Make sure Presto is still running in whichever terminal you originally started it from. Enter the
following command to start the CLI:
```
I think it's important to indicate that you should start the CLI from a new terminal with the Presto cluster still running, even if it seems obvious.

SELECT foo.bar FROM default LIMIT 1;
```

> ### Querying from the webUI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Querying from CLP's UI
```

> The CLP webUI is available at [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) (if you changed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CLP's UI should be available at [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) (if you changed
```

`webui.host` or `webui.port` in `etc/clp-config.yml`, use the new values).

:::{note}

> The WebUI can only run one query at a time, and queries must not include a `;`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The UI can only run one query at a time, and queries must not include a `;`.
```

Author: I changed this slightly

:::

### Querying from the Presto CLI

> To access the Presto CLI, navigate to the `tools/deployment/presto-clp` directory in a new terminal.
> Make sure Presto is still running in whichever terminal you originally started it from. Enter the
> following command to start the CLI:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access the Presto CLI, navigate to the `tools/deployment/presto-clp` directory and run:
```

Instead of mentioning the the new terminal thing, how about adding `--detach` to the start command and changing the stop command to `docker compose down` instead of CTRL + C?

Author: I prefer to just remove the new terminal language as was originally, and then leave all else as is. I think when u press control c, cli tells user the containers are stopping. I think if the user is advanced enough, they can add their own --detach
